Release notes and upgrading guide for the client libraries (#32989)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/release_notes/topics/26_0_0.adoc

For information on how to upgrade, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}[{upgradingguide_name}].

= Client libraries updates

== Dedicated release cycle for the client libraries

From this release, some of the {project_name} client libraries will have release cycle independent of the {project_name} server release cycle. The 26.0.0 release may be the last one

> when the client libraries are released together with the {project_name} server. But from now on, the client libraries may be released at the different time than the {project_name} server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
when the client libraries are released together with the {project_name} server. But from now on, the client libraries may be released at a different time than the {project_name} server.
```

> The client libraries are those artifacts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client libraries are these artifacts:
```

> - Java admin client - Maven artifact `org.keycloak:keycloak-admin-client`
> - Java authorization client - Maven artifact `org.keycloak:keycloak-authz-client`
> - Java policy enforcer - Maven artifact `org.keycloak:keycloak-policy-enforcer`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Java admin client - Maven artifact `org.keycloak:keycloak-admin-client`
* Java authorization client - Maven artifact `org.keycloak:keycloak-authz-client`
* Java policy enforcer - Maven artifact `org.keycloak:keycloak-policy-enforcer`
```

It is possible that in the future, some more libraries will be included.

== Compatibility of the client libraries with the server

> Since this release, we are starting to test and support client libraries not only with the same server version, but with few last released major server versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with this release, we are testing and supporting client libraries with the same server version and a few previous major server versions.
```

> The details about supported versions of client libraries with the server versions is in the link:{upgradingguide_link}#_upgrade_client_libraries[{upgradingguide_name}].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details about supported versions of client libraries with server versions, see the link:{upgradingguide_link}#_upgrade_client_libraries[{upgradingguide_name}].
```
